# The Exercise

- **Refer to the following Figma and create a Front End component. Use your Front End framework of choice (Vue, React, Angular, etc).**
  - [Figma Design Spec](https://www.figma.com/proto/z313J0dzU6u9TTFNMB8tyB/Search-with-Auto-Complete-Design-Spec?page-id=0%3A1&node-id=8%3A485&viewport=253%2C48%2C0.27&scaling=min-zoom)
    - **Page 1:** Guidance on assets/colors to use
    - **Page 2:** Expected functionality
    - **Page 3:** What the component should look like (note: the blue background is not part of the component)
  - If you have difficulty to access Figma link, you may change a browser or use pictures in Figma folder instead
    -  Links in Figma **Page 1**
       * [Icon Close](https://fonts.google.com/icons?icon.query=close)
       * [Icon Search](https://fonts.google.com/icons?icon.query=search)

- **The Back End API to use by the front end:**
  - Can be found here in this folder
  - Clone and run it locally
  - Details for running the API can be found in the below section "**The Fake Fund Info Backend API Server**"

- **Use any resources you want to complete this.**
- **Please upload your code to a location that we can access it from to review it before you come in for the in-person discussion.**

## Notes
- We want to see your workflow and how you reason about code, how you structure your code, and how you go about developing a component. Afterwards, we will ask you to present what you have done to that point and will dive deeper into the choices you made, and what you would do with more time.
- The intention is to show us code that you wrote, and help us understand your workflow and thinking process a little better.

Feel free to ask any questions and let us know when you think you would be able to have something ready to walk us through and we will coordinate a time for you to come in.




<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

  
  
# The Fake Fund Info Backend API Server

## Introduction
This repo uses FakerJs and Express to return fake fund information. 

## Requirements
This is an uncomplicated project, which was written on node 14, but was tested to work on node 8, 10, 12 and 22 too.
By default it runs on port 3000, but you can change this to run on any port you'd like.

## Set up
If you're reading this, you have already unzipped the folder given to you at the time of the interview invite. All you need to do now, is run `npm install` to install dependencies. Thereafter you can run `node server` to run the server. In your browser, if you navigate to http://localhost:3000/api/v1/funds, you should see a list of funds.

If you have access to the repo and are reading this on bitbucket:
clone the repo; in the app folder, run `npm install` then run `node server`

## Configuration
There are two main things to change to configure:
The port on which to run (defaulted to 3000) and the number of fake funds generated (defaulted to 10000). See the server.js files for where to edit them.

## API
Once you have the application up and running, you can get a list of all the funds that were generated by making a request to http://localhost:3000/api/v1/funds (port number should reflect what you have set in server.js).

You can use the query param "term" to filter the list of data. It is case insensitive. So if you make a request as in `http://localhost:3000/api/v1/funds?term=ABC` it should return all the funds with ***fund names*** OR ***tickers*** which contain the string `ABC` or any case variant thereof e.g. `Abc`, `aBc`, `ABc` etc.

Note that the returned results are not sorted in any particular order and you don't have to worry about sorting them, unless asked to.

## Things to note
Everytime you restart the server, the data is regenerated so there won't be consistency in data. This is especially relevant if you're using nodemon or --watch to automatically restart the server on a change to it. If you want consistent data, you can create your own, or copy and save a response from the server in a format that you can easily consume.

Using 10,000 funds should be more than enough for our purposes. Do not use more than 456,976 funds by editing the several places in the code where we have prevented going above 200,000. Even close to that number will make starting up go VERY slowly. And after than number, the server won't start up.
